ALEC-261: Move chapters to Reference section (#108)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/reference/pages/architecture/overview.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images
= ALEC Architecture

ALEC provides a framework for developing correlation systems.

.Correlation system architecture diagram
image::architecture/architecture_components.png[Correlation system architecture diagram; displays the high-level components and directionality of communicated data, 600]

> A xref:datasources/overview.adoc[datasource] is responsible for interacting with the monitoring system (in this case, OpenNMS) and maintaining a feed of alarms, inventory objects, and situations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A xref:datasources/overview.adoc[datasource] interacts with the monitoring system (in this case, OpenNMS) and maintains a feed of alarms, inventory objects, and situations.
```

> Datasources are also responsible for creating situations in the monitoring system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datasources also create situations in the monitoring system.
```

> 

Reviewer: Add sentence that ALEC uses two datasoures: direct and Kafka.

Author: ```suggestion
ALEC offers two datasources: the xref:datasources/direct.adoc[direct datasource], and the xref:datasources/kafka.adoc[Kafka datasource].

```

> The xref:engines/introduction.adoc[correlation engine] is responsible for linking alarms to network inventory objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xref:engines/introduction.adoc[correlation engine] links alarms to network inventory objects.
```

A driver connects the datasource to the engine.

> We provide a main driver for real-time processing with ALEC, as well as a test driver for testing and training the machine learning algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a main driver for real-time processing with ALEC, as well as a test driver for testing and training the machine-learning algorithms.
```
This didn't parse well without the hyphen.
